README.md, before:

# horizon-c1
## Table of Contents (Optional)

If your README is very long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [License](#license)


## Installation

What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running.


## Usage 

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed. 

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:

```md
![alt text](assets/images/Screenshot 2023-09-21 2023 alt added code.png)
```


## Credits

List your collaborators, if any, with links to their GitHub profiles.

If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.

If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well.


## License

The last section of a good README is a license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, use [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/)

Commit message:

added web links to readme.md

README.md, after:

# horizon-c1

## Installation

To set up my development environment, I first created a repository in GitHub to store my code. I then downloaded the client’s content that needed to be refactored. 

Going over the index.html, I noticed the images needed the [alt] attribute to be added to make the website more accessible for anyone who cannot view the image due to a slow connection or the need for a screen reader.

```md
![alt text](assets/images/Screenshot 2023-09-21 2023 alt added code.png)
```

I next fixed the broken link that should have taken you to the Search Engine Optimization portion of the website. It needed the [class] selector to be updated to the [id] selector to read the style.css sheet correctly and perform the task.

Search Engine Optimization, Online Reputation Management, and Social Media Marketing [id] selectors were consolidated to remove excess code from the CSS style sheet. 

## Usage 

This website is set up to be easy to use. Simple pick the topic you are most interested in from the top right corner:
‘’’md
![alt text](assets/images/Screenshot headers.png)
‘’’

And it will take you to that section without having to scroll down:
‘’’md
![alt text](assets/images/Screenshot selected info.png)
‘’’

For added convenience, you can also view the entire web page by using the scroll bars with your mouse or touchpad.

## Credits

https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp 
https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp


## License

The last section of a good README is a license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, use [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/)
